EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

This Employment Contract (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of the date of acceptance, by and between Acme Corp., a company organized and existing under the laws of the state of Delaware, with its principal place of business at 123 Main Street, Anytown, DE 19801 (hereinafter "Company"), and John Doe, with a mailing address at 456 Oak Avenue, Anytown, DE 19801 (hereinafter "Employee").

1. POSITION AND RESPONSIBILITIES

1.1 The Company hereby employs Employee as a Software Engineer. Employee shall perform all duties as assigned by the Company's management and adhere to all Company policies and procedures.

1.2 Employee shall devote his/her full time and attention to the business of the Company during normal business hours and shall not engage in any other business or occupation during the term of this Agreement that would interfere with his/her duties hereunder.

2. TERM

2.1 This Agreement shall commence on the date of acceptance by Employee and shall continue until terminated by either party with or without cause.

3. COMPENSATION

3.1 The Company shall pay Employee a salary of $80,000 per year, payable in accordance with the Company's standard payroll practices.

3.2 Employee shall be eligible for participation in the Company's standard benefits program, subject to the terms and conditions of such program.

4. ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY

4.1 The Company has a zero tolerance policy for discrimination, harassment, violence, and substance abuse. Employee agrees to abide by this policy and understands that any violation of this policy will result in immediate termination of employment.

4.2 Discrimination, harassment, and violence include, but are not limited to, any verbal or physical conduct based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.

4.3 Substance abuse includes, but is not limited to, the use, possession, sale, or distribution of illegal drugs or alcohol on Company premises or while performing Company business