FREELANCE AGREEMENT

This Freelance Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of [Effective Date] (the "Effective Date") by and between [Company Name] Inc., a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at [Company Address] (the "Company"), and [Freelancer Name], an individual with a mailing address at [Freelancer Address] (the "Freelancer").

WHEREAS, the Company desires to engage the Freelancer to provide certain services, and the Freelancer desires to provide such services, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Engagement of Freelancer. The Company hereby engages the Freelancer to provide the services described on Schedule A (the "Services") in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein.

2. Term. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until the Services are completed, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

3. Payment.

a. Payment for the Services shall be made as set forth on Schedule A.

b. The Freelancer shall invoice the Company for the Services on a monthly basis, or as otherwise agreed upon by the parties.

c. The Company shall pay each invoice within thirty (30) days of receipt of such invoice.

d. The Freelancer shall be responsible for all taxes, if any, imposed on the Freelancer as a result of the performance of the Services.

4. Expenses. The Freelancer shall be responsible for all expenses incurred in connection with the performance of the Services, unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties in writing.

5. Intellectual Property Rights.

a. The Freelancer hereby assigns, transfers, and conveys to the Company all right, title, and interest in and to any and all inventions, discoveries, improvements, and developments, whether or not patentable, that are conceived, reduced to practice, or made by the Freelancer, either solely or jointly with others, during the term of this Agreement and that are related to the Services (the "Inventions