SUPPLY AGREEMENT

This Supply Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into on this 1st day of August, 2021 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Thérèse Thomas Poirier, a customer with a customer ID of C736-6988-309 ("Customer") and [Company Name], a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, having its registered office at [Registered Address] ("Supplier").

WHEREAS, Supplier desires to supply certain products to Customer, and Customer desires to purchase such products from Supplier, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. PRODUCT SUPPLY

1.1. Supplier shall supply to Customer, and Customer shall purchase from Supplier, the products set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (the "Products").

1.2. Supplier shall deliver the Products to the street address of 34 Gregory Drive, Lake Charles, as provided by Customer.

1.3. The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of twelve (12) months, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof.

2. PRICING MECHANISMS

2.1. The price for the Products shall be as set forth on Exhibit B attached hereto.

2.2. Supplier shall invoice Customer for the Products on a monthly basis, and Customer shall pay the invoiced amounts within thirty (30) days of receipt thereof.

3. QUALITY CONTROL REQUIREMENTS

3.1. Supplier represents and warrants that the Products shall conform to the specifications set forth on Exhibit C attached hereto.

3.2. Customer shall have the right to inspect the Products upon delivery, and shall have the right to reject any Products that do not conform to the specifications set forth on Exhibit C.

4. TERMINATION

4.1. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon providing thirty (3