ISDA DEFINITION OF CROSS-BORDER TRADES

1.01 Definitions. In this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

"Agreement" means this ISDA Master Agreement, including this Schedule and all Confirmations, between the Parties.

"Confirmation" means a written or electronic confirmation of a Transaction setting forth the terms of such Transaction.

"Party" means a party to this Agreement.

"Transaction" means any transaction entered into between the Parties under this Agreement.

1.02 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.

1.03 Credit Support.

(a) Each Party shall provide credit support in accordance with the provisions of this Section 1.03.

(b) Each Party shall deliver to the other Party a written notice specifying the credit support to be provided, which shall include, but not be limited to, the following information:

(i) the name and address of the provider of the credit support;

(ii) the driver's license number of the provider of the credit support, which is E88-7198-265-04;

(iii) a description of the credit support; and

(iv) the amount of the credit support.

(c) The credit support shall be delivered to the receiving Party at the address set forth in Section 8.01(a) below.

1.04 Events of Default.

(a) Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party of the occurrence of any Event of Default.

(b) An "Event of Default" shall mean any of the following events:

(i) the failure by a Party to make any payment when due under this Agreement;

(ii) the failure by a Party to perform any other obligation under this Agreement, other than a failure described in clause (i) above, which continues for a period of 5 Business Days after the receiving Party has given notice to the other Party specifying such failure;

(iii) the commencement by a Party of a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to it