SHAREHOLDER AGREEMENT

1. Notices

1.1 Definition of Notices
In this Agreement, "Notices" means any communication or document that is required or permitted to be given or served on any Shareholder under this Agreement.

1.2 Methods of Delivery
Notices may be delivered by hand, sent by prepaid post, or sent by email to the address of the relevant Shareholder as set out in the Register of Members of the Company or as notified to the Company by the Shareholder from time to time.

1.3 Timing of Delivery
Notices sent by hand or by prepaid post shall be deemed to have been received on the date of delivery (if delivered by hand) or on the second Business Day after the date of posting (if sent by prepaid post). Notices sent by email shall be deemed to have been received on the date of transmission (provided that any error message indicating non-delivery has not been received by the sender).

2. Procedures for Providing Notices

2.1 Notice of Meetings
Not less than 14 days' notice of every general meeting shall be given to every Shareholder, specifying the place, the day and the hour of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be transacted.

2.2 Notice of Resolutions
Not less than 7 days' notice of every resolution to be proposed at a general meeting shall be given to every Shareholder.

2.3 Notice of Changes
Every Shareholder shall notify the Company in writing of any change in the Shareholder's name, date of birth, or address within 14 days of such change.

3. Shareholder Information

3.1 Access to Information
Each Shareholder shall have the right to inspect and take copies of the Register of Members of the Company and of any other records of the Company.

3.2 Provision of Information
The Company shall, on request, provide each Shareholder with a copy of this Agreement and with such other information as the Shareholder may reasonably require in connection with the exercise of the Shareholder's rights under this Agreement.

4. Miscellaneous

4.1 Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.

4.2 Entire Agreement
This Agreement contains the