DISPUTE RESOLUTION

1. GOVERNING LAW

1.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.

2. JURISDICTION

2.1 The parties irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales over any claim or matter arising under or in connection with this Agreement.

3. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

3.1 In the event of any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, the parties shall attempt to resolve the dispute through good faith negotiations.

3.2 If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute through negotiations within 30 days of the dispute arising, either party may refer the dispute to mediation in accordance with the then-current rules of the London Court of International Arbitration.

3.3 If the dispute is not resolved through mediation within 60 days of the appointment of the mediator, either party may commence arbitration in accordance with the then-current rules of the London Court of International Arbitration.

3.4 The arbitration shall be conducted in London, England and the language of the arbitration shall be English.

3.5 The parties agree that any award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties and judgment may be entered upon it in any court having jurisdiction.

4. CONFIDENTIALITY

4.1 The parties agree to keep confidential all information relating to the dispute, the mediation, and the arbitration, except as may be required by law or as necessary to enforce or protect their rights.

5. NOTICES

5.1 All notices, demands, requests, or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given upon personal delivery or upon deposit in the United Kingdom mail, postage prepaid, registered or certified, return receipt requested, and addressed as follows:

Alicia Salomón Vizcaíno
340 Cañada de Viviana Sureda, Piso 3

6. MISCELLANEOUS

6.1 This Agreement may not be amended except by a writing signed by both parties.

6.2 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and